Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
RICH IN LOVE 2
-Hi! Have you seen Teto?
-Upstairs.
Thank you.
-Good morning.
TOMATO CO-OP REVOLUTIONIZE
THE ECONOMY OF RIO COMMUNITIES
-Good morning.
I’ve never learned to say goodbye
I don't know if I'll ever get used to it
Really. Teto?
Looking into your eyes
I know your gaze
Will forever be with me
I've never learned to say goodbye
Get down!
-But I'll let you go
-With no tears in my eyes
-If saying goodbye hurts me
-Winter will pass
You guys!
-And erase my scars
You're one of a kind.
Please stay.
No way my favorite doctor is going away.
I'll miss you a lot. too. Monique.
-Good luck in the Amazon.
-Thanks. Igor.
-Hey! Alana!
-Hey! Come here.
-Hi. Paula.
-Mommy's here.
Mommy…
Mommy can't understand
why we can't have a regular office
with an elevator. air conditioning.
This sacrifice isn't worth
the little we make at Teto Fresco.
And there's nothing fresh about it.
But we're growing.
-Sure.
-It'll make a profit in no time.
I'll keep our baby in my womb
for five more years
until we have money for daycare!
I told you to put an escalator here.
but you vetoed it.
I'd even put a panoramic elevator.
-A cable car would be cool.
-A cable car!
We'll think about this cable car
while you rub my feet.
It was good to have you around
to knock some sense into Teto.
Girl. you do that better than I do.
No more educating a spoiled brat.
Take me with you.
-Can I become a doctor?
-Sure. It's super quick.
-Let me get to work.
-That's harsh.
-Yeah.
-That's right.
I'll miss you so much.
Your surprises.
I'll stay here abandoned and alone.
-God…
-It's my fate.
I have to go. It's important to me.
I know.
but does it have to be in the Amazon?
-Yes. We have a lot to do there.
-We… You and Dr. Tawan. right?
-Teto! Don't start it.
-I was just joking.
You say so many good things
about Dr. Tawan
that I'm glad you're taking him
to meet my father.
-Me too.
-Are you?
Yep.
Dr. Tawan set up the first health clinic
in Porto Remanso. Rio Negro.
I learned about this project in college.
I was amazed.
It was what I wanted to do.
-It's an honor to have you.
-Likewise.
The project is really great.
The whole project is. but tell me.
What if we take this wonderful project
to other places?
-How so?
-Tell them. Dad.
Well. I was impressed
when Teto told me about your work.
-and he gave me an idea.
-It was your idea.
-What idea?
-Tell them about it. Dad.
The idea is to hire you to set up
a similar program
nearby in Paty do Alferes.
sponsored by Trancoso Tomatoes. of course.
Take it as a birthday present.
It's not my birthday yet.
This isn't about us. Teto.
It'd be great to work in Paty do Alferes.
and use your help.
but now we need support
to work in the Amazon.
I already explained this to him.
right. Teto?
I know. but you said
you wanted to take care of people.
-There are people here too.
-I know someone who can help you there.
-What?
-Everaldo Coimbra.
Everaldo was my dad's assistant
at our farm.
Now he's the largest tomato producer
in the north of Brazil. EverNorte.
Excuse me. I don't know him. Who is he?
You won't remember him.
You were tiny when he left.
Do you think he'd sponsor us?
I do. He's rich and has no competitors.
He's selling tomatoes at gold prices.
-It's a good idea.
-Yeah.
Good.
What about us?
I'm gonna miss you so much.
But we've been apart before.
We'll figure it out.
I'll call you.
You can call me when you miss me.
It'll be fine.
It will.
Wake up. Teto!
Are you okay. dude?
-It's a mess in there.
-Jeez!
Have you taken a shower since Paula left?
Hi. Paula. It's me again.
I'm trying to reach you. again.
-Go over there!
-Are you okay?
Come on! Your dad's here.
and he wants to meet at Trancoso.
You could ask your dad to increase
the price Trancoso pays for our tomatoes.
-We need it.
-Come on.
Come on. let's go.
Unfortunately. Trancoso Tomatoes
isn't renewing
the contract with Teto Fresco.
-Dad. don't do this to me!
-It was the shareholders' decision.
We have enough tomatoes for our sauce.
Tell them that buying our tomatoes
is good for the company's image.
It's over. Teto.
Your job is really great.
But you're not Trancoso's CEO.
This position has been waiting for you
since your grandpa died.
Get your act together.
Teto Fresco will never make real money.
The Southeast is saturated with tomatoes.
The more you plant it.
the less it's worth.
Okay! That Amazon guy you mentioned.
the EverNorte guy.
How much does he make per tomato?
Drink lots of water. sleep well.
and take this medicine.
If you need anything. I'm here.
-Good night. you guys.
-Good night.
MISSED CALL
TETO
What's up?
How was your day?
Same as usual.
More patients with those strange symptoms.
-Yeah. right?
-Yeah.
Do you know what else is strange?
You being here this late.
You need some rest. Paula.
Especially today.
-Surprise!
-I can't believe it! You made this for me?
-Happy birthday!
-Yes. Dr. Paula. Happy birthday.
-I'll make a wish.
Cheers to life!
-Come out. Dr. Paula!
-Is that Teto?
-It is. right?
-Come out. babe!
-That's Teto.
-I think so.
I love you!
Her boyfriend.
Nilza. can you put the cake away?
Happy birthday!
Happy birthday. my love!
Watch out for the birthday girl!
-Happy birthday. Dr. Paula!
-Thanks!
-Happy birthday! All the best.
-Thanks.
Thank you!
Teto. what's this?
A surprise.
Darling. that's a clinic.
There are sick people there.
Of course. Sorry.
-Done.
-So many more patients.
-Everyone's stressed out. Chaotic.
-Look.
You need to relax to do your work.
Have some fun.
Guess who is gonna help you with that?
-Me.
-Come on. Teto.
I'm bringing Teto Fresco here.
So that I can be close to you.
-You're bringing Teto Fresco here?
-Yes.
Excuse me.
-What's up. Teto?
-Hey!
There's an emergency.
I've got to go.
Here. There is some plaque.
This one too. doctor.
I'll check his blood pressure.
Is it hard to breathe. Mr. Manoel?
-Yes.
-Yes?
Take a deep breath.
-Are you nauseous? Vomiting?
-Yes.
-Where have you been?
-You'd better be quiet. son.
He needs to rest. doctor.
Low blood pressure here too.
The kid was going to say something.
-That was weird.
-Too weird.
Excuse me. Stop talking about work.
-It's time for you to relax.
-That's right.
We have a long trip tomorrow.
Sounds good.
-Good night.
THE KAKYDAN PROJECT
-Are you traveling tomorrow?
-I didn't have time to tell you.
We'll help Indigenous communities now.
-Many people are getting sick there.
-Tomorrow?
I just got here.
I didn't know you were coming.
-Sorry. but I've tried to reach you.
-I've been really busy. it's hard.
I came here to make things easier.
But you don't seem happy.
Of course I am. It's not that. I'm happy.
I'd love to be with you.
But it's my job. What can I do?
I believe in this project.
I'll go anywhere.
You'll go wherever Dr. "Big Shot" wants.
I just got here. and he's taking you away.
This has nothing to do with you.
It was already set up.
Okay.
-Fine.
-Let's go inside.
Sure.
Come in.
Do you sleep here?
It's my birthday today.
I don't want to waste time arguing.
Happiness is so simple.
We make it complicated.
-Morning. Mr. Everaldo.
-Don't call me mister.
I carried you as a baby.
First. I want to thank you
for supporting Paula's project.
I'm glad I can help.
Call me when you come
to see your girlfriend.
I'm here now. I'm setting up
the company in Porto Remanso.
Are you planting tomatoes here?
I'm not sure if you heard of Teto Fresco.
It's a co-op.
A co-op?
Yeah. right.
It's easy to not think of profits
when you get things easily.
Everaldo. I'm calling you
to ask for a favor.
I just got here. and they transferred her
to an Indigenous community.
I'd like to know if you could
use your sponsor's prestige
and help me keep her here.
Now you're talking just like a Trancoso.
-I'm thinking about what's best for her.
-Of course.
Unfortunately. there's nothing I can do.
Dr. Tawan is in charge of this project.
He has full autonomy.
But don't you think you could…?
-Teto Fresco? Is this boat ours?
-Jeez!
Everaldo. I have to hang up.
I'll call you later.
Thank you for your time.
Damn…
-Where is he?
-Over there.
You're here! My darlings!
Are you crazy?
Why?
We leave you alone for a day.
and you rent this thing? With a jet ski?
I didn't rent it. It was worth buying it.
Couldn't you have asked us?
You didn't think of maintenance
and fuel costs.
Fuel?
This will help us promote Teto Fresco.
You must think outside the box
and take risks.
Jumping is easy for you.
You're the only one with a parachute.
Gold jewelry?
You won't sell them a thing.
They're stingy.
You can go. okay?
-Guys. I've missed you!
-Look!
I couldn't believe it when Teto told me.
-I missed you.
-You okay?
-How are you?
-Hi.
-Morning!
-Morning.
I'm happy to see you.
but I want to kill someone.
I'm sure he deserves it.
Have a good day at work.
I gotta pack. I'm traveling today.
By the way. my boat leaves at five.
What can I do?
I'll come to say goodbye to you.
Again.
Now I want to introduce to you
the floating Teto Fresco.
-So cool.
-What about this jet ski. huh?
-You like it. right?
-So I'm the minority here. right?
You like it too.
Don't you want to ride it?
FISH AND FRUIT MARKET RIBEIRINHA
Good morning.
Would you sign our manifesto?
SUSTAINABLE PREMIUM TOMATOES
It's to fight illegal mining.
Can you sign our manifesto?
Guys.
-Attention. please.
-Hi!
Please come around.
We're bringing our co-op model
to Porto Remanso.
Each of you can produce at your own home.
Teto Fresco will help with technology.
production. and sales.
Here you'll grow premium tomatoes.
The best tomato ever.
A real evolution
of this wonderful Italian fruit.
-Sir.
-Yes?
-Here.
-Tomatoes didn't come from Italy.
What?
There were tomatoes here
before the Europeans arrived.
Tomatoes first appeared when Makunaima
knocked down the Wazaká tree
and scattered its fruits around the Earth.
Cool. Try the premium tomato.
-I'm sure you'll like it.
-No. thanks.
The best tomato I've eaten
is from my land.
It's golden. And it's sweet. too.
-Golden?
-Guys. come closer.
Something's up.
It says we don't have permission
to work here.
Do we need it?
-Take it all.
-What's happening?
This is my company's property! Help!
Wait! This is mine!
Give it to me!
Teto…
-You should have gotten a permit.
-I didn't know I needed one.
-A shared bathroom.
-This is the best we could get.
Fine. I'm not picky. anyway.
I'm not staying here!
Monique! Igor! Help me! Please!
My heart. I got a shock. I'm going to die.
-Come here.
-I'm gonna die.
I'm about to die. Call Paula.
I'm not well.
Hello. Teto's cell phone.
Everaldo Coimbra from EverNorte.
Okay. forward the call. He'll answer it.
Take it.
-Hi. Everaldo. what's up?
-What's up. Teto?
I can't talk right now. Too much going on.
I can imagine.
My lawyers talked to the city council.
EverNorte has an exclusivity agreement.
Are you the one who reported us?
We're a small company.
We won't stand in your way.
Let's make a deal.
Boy. I have a deal to propose to you.
If you're interested.
I want to buy Teto Fresco.
-What do you mean?
-Buy what?
Let's not talk about this over the phone.
They are honoring me at an event
in Manaus this weekend.
You and Paula are my guests.
I want no invitations.
and we have no intention of selling.
Think it through. then call me. okay?
-Selling.
-Selling Teto Fresco?
He wants to fuck us.
Everaldo. from EverNorte.
wants to buy Teto Fresco.
-And you said no without telling us.
-It's an absurd proposal.
We must listen to it.
My God. Paula. I gotta go.
-Teto!
-Come back!
-I can't now. I gotta get ready.
-Okay. fine.
Paula. Jander is saying
we can't wait any longer.
-Okay.
-It's getting late and dark.
-Let's go.
-Shall we?
Let's go.
Hey!
Paula!
Paula.
Teto.
-I can't believe she left.
-I figured.
Bringing the company here so quickly.
with no planning. just because of her?
Of course not. I was trying
to save Teto Fresco. and I still am.
Why "save"?
The company isn't very profitable.
but we are not losing money.
It will. though. A lot.
My dad said Trancoso
isn't buying our tomatoes anymore.
What?
-And you hid that from us?
-No. I took action.
We just need a new market.
-Gold jewelry?
-No. pal. Thanks.
There's no other way.
Go to his event
and listen to his proposal.
We better sell now
before it's worth nothing.
Guys. you can't pull out now.
I'm not giving up on Teto Fresco or Paula.
-Buddy! Hey!
-What now?
-Do you have rings?
-Yeah.
This one. please.
Thanks.
-What are you doing?
-I'm proposing to Paula now.
-Now?
-Yes.
Are you mad? Come back!
-What about Everaldo?
-Later.
Teto!
Paula!
Are you okay?
-Paula.
-What?
Are you okay?
-Yes.
-Are you sure?
Paula!
I can't believe this!
No!
Damn it!
I just talked to Trancoso.
and it's confirmed. Our contract is over.
Teto brought us here and spent this money
knowing of this bomb.
He's so spoiled! He won't change.
How can he refuse EverNorte's offer?
Did you say. "EverNorte?"
There's something from them here.
Wait.
This is an invitation to Teto and Paula
to an event in Manaus.
Forget it.
Those two are romancing in the forest.
If it weren't for my circumference.
and my feet. which are double their size.
I'd be in the forest hunting for him
so that he'd go to this thing.
-Calm down. Don't stress out.
-Just relax.
I have a better idea.
Hi. I'm looking for the doctor
who is working here. Paula.
Yes! Paula!
I don't understand.
Tuyuka. Pawi. stop messing with him.
He had an accident.
You're the golden tomato girl. right?
-My name's Wunin.
-Nice to meet you. Teto.
I'm looking for the doctor
who took care of me. Paula.
-Do you know where she is?
-Paula?
I took care of you.
I thought Dr. Paula had come here.
The Kakydan project.
Some doctors are coming.
but they'll only be here next week.
Only next week?
I've been trying to take care
of our sick people.
Things got worse
because of the problems from outside.
It's so bad that my folks
are working in illegal mining.
That's why you started
that petition. right?
At this pace.
we'll end up being dislodged.
Wow. I think… I think I'm not very well.
I know.
It's not just because of the accident.
I'll help you out.
Here we are.
This place is inhabited
by the forest spirits.
They can always help.
Forest spirits.
I think I need a painkiller.
Take a sip.
What's this?
It's a drink to make us strong.
Just one sip. It's too strong.
You may go.
-What happened?
-How are you?
I saw Paula. What did I see?
When you connect with the forest.
you understand yourself better.
Let's go.
Igor. talk to me.
Call me when you hear this.
I really need to talk to you.
Oh my God.
-Hi.
-Teto Trancoso!
I'm so glad I'll see you
at the Amazonas Theater.
-Me?
-You and Dr. Paula.
I've received an email from Teto Fresco
confirming your presence.
and I booked the same hotel
where I'm staying for you two.
We'll be able to negotiate better.
Wunin!
-Sorry to bother you. but I need a boat.
-What about the doctor?
No. I found out there's a pair of traitors
to fish in Manaus.
-Hi! Good afternoon.
-Hi.
Are you on the list?
-Teto Trancoso and Paula Souto.
-Okay.
Teto Trancoso and Paula Souto.
Please. come in.
-Enjoy the event.
-Thank you.
Darling. you can go over there.
behind the theater.
Someone in the kitchen will give you
something to eat.
God bless you. Miss Ounce.
-Hey fella. what's up?
-I don't have any money. man.
Actually. I'll give you some
to work in your place.
Just say how much.
and I'll transfer it to your account.
Are you nuts?
Get out of here.
Come on. man.
Hi there! How's it going?
I'm Teto. Nice to meet you.
-This is not going to end well.
-Igor.
It isn't hard to impersonate Teto.
You've done this before. remember?
Look around.
Pretend you're better than everyone.
I'm Teto.
I'm rich.
I'm amazing.
-I'm Teto.
-Of course you're Teto.
You look just like your grandpa!
Everaldo?
This must be the famous Dr. Paula.
from the Kakydan Project.
Yes. that's me. Nice to meet you.
Thank you for the invite
and for your interest in Teto Fresco.
My love. can I steal your boyfriend
for just a minute?
So that we can talk business.
Take this opportunity to have some fun.
Teto. I can't believe this.
Teto. come back here!
Teto. I know it's you!
-Teto! What is this?
-What. Monique?
You're selling the company behind my back.
You ran away.
and we couldn't miss this chance.
I'll tell Dr. Everaldo
you're lying to him.
He won't buy tomatoes from you.
I wanna see that.
Hold up! Is there something going on?
Is he bothering you?
No. he's just explaining
what's in Blood Mary.
Tomato.
Thank you. I'm done with tomatoes.
Excuse me.
I'm sorry.
I thought it was something else.
Don't worry.
There are lots of crazy guys out there.
Yep.
What I did for Trancoso
made your grandfather trust me.
I was just a kid
without a penny to my name.
but your grandfather said I was family.
-I can imagine.
-He planned things. and I executed them.
When he wanted to jump an enemy. you know?
Forge some documents. change some fences.
basic stuff that everybody does.
I'd do it.
We had a deal.
This would be my area.
I wasn't meant to have competitors.
much less from a Trancoso.
-Sorry. I didn't know about that.
-Of course you didn't.
He wasn't going to tell
neither you nor your father.
In fact. when he sent me out here.
it was his way of hiding me.
But I don't work for Trancoso.
My partners and I started
our own company. Teto Fresco.
a co-op. totally different.
It's okay. Let's talk about Teto Fresco.
Hi. there.
Fella. your service is really bad.
The party organizer wanted to save money.
Talk to him.
Go!
-That's why.
-Probably.
-Have you been to this theater before?
-No. never.
-Never?
-It's beautiful.
-Yeah.
-That way?
-This way.
Paula?
He didn't want to let her in.
He said she was already here.
We did it.
I wouldn't have that issue. right?
Come here.
-I don't know many Tawans. Do you?
-Come.
-Tawan? It's different.
-I'll be right back.
-Teto! What's going on?
-Aren't you supposed to be in the forest?
What are you wearing?
Come with me.
-Come.
-What are you doing here?
I thought you were working.
and you're here with Dr. Tawan.
I'm here for work.
It's my sponsor's event.
What about you?
-For her. please.
-Of course.
Thanks.
How do you like the party?
I just don't understand one thing.
Is this party sponsored
by EverNorte Tomatoes
and the award receiver
is the company owner?
-I don't know what to say.
-Did he get rich and lose his mind?
-Well. actually…
-My daughter!
-Dad.
-Dr. Paula.
I can see you've met Solange.
-Daughter?
-Dr. Paula from the Kakydan project.
This is Teodoro Trancoso Neto. Teto.
-The co-op guy.
-Exactly.
Together with his partners.
Igor and Monique.
-who didn't come.
-Yes.
Nice to meet you. Solange.
Nice to meet you.
She works with me at EverNorte.
My idea is that she'll take over
Teto Fresco in Rio de Janeiro.
We still need to discuss that. Dad.
We'll have a lot of time to talk.
right. Teto?
-We're staying at the same hotel.
-We are?
Didn't he tell you?
We discussed it over the phone.
-Oh. right!
-Of course I told her.
I mentioned the bedroom.
-Yeah!
-Sorry.
Well. I've got to go.
It's time for my speech.
I'm on my way. sweetie.
If you'll excuse me.
I have some things to take care of.
That's all I need.
Another tomato princess.
-What's going on?
-I think I said too much.
She might ruin everything.
-Either her or Teto.
-Teto?
I can't believe you came here
to spy on me.
I'm here to spy on my partners
and stop your sponsor
from buying Teto Fresco.
-which is the best thing I've done.
-Stop it.
Can't you see how absurd it is for you
to show up here in a costume at my job?
I didn't know you'd be here.
I went after you on a boat.
in the community.
-I waited for you. but you never came.
-Look.
I don't know if it was fate
or if the forest spirits brought you back.
-What?
-What matters is you're here with me now.
What is this. Teto?
Are you drunk? Did you hit your head?
I did. and I drank something.
but I'm not crazy.
I know exactly what I want.
which is to be with you forever.
-I risked everything for you.
-Stop. Get up.
Stop saying that you risked or sacrificed
something for me.
You did it for yourself.
You do things for yourself.
Damn. You're so spoiled and selfish.
Can't you see I have my own life. too?
Did you think I'd want to get married now?
I can't. Teto.
I can't be with someone
who won't respect my priorities.
I thought I was important to you. too.
You see?
I can't.
I'm done. It's over.
Paula!
-Paula!
-It's time!
-Time for what?
-It's time. Let's go!
The sun in motion.
Applause.
Bravo!
That blue macaw doesn't know
what he's doing there.
Definitely not. That's Teto.
-I better go. or he'll ruin everything.
-Everaldo!
Awesome. my people.
I love this place so much.
Hey. Come over here. We need to talk.
Solange?
Keep this a secret!
I'll have one of these
because I really need it.
Paula. where are you?
When you hear this message. call me back.
What's going on. Teto?
Do you want to blow it?
You want to ruin what we built.
and I'm the one who's blowing it up?
It's over. Teto.
You want us to throw away the one chance
to get something in return for our effort?
That's the point. There's another way.
I can save Teto Fresco.
I have a great idea.
I don't care.
I can't play games with my life anymore.
I'm about to be a father.
-I gotta think of my child.
-Look at you!
A little Trancoso is coming up.
You're pregnant. Paula? Congratulations.
Yeah.
-Sorry. but drinking that is not okay.
-Come on. Dad. She's a doctor.
No. he's right.
I was confused. I got this for Teto.
Thanks.
-Hey!
-Who are you. young man?
-Me?
-That's Igor.
This is Igor. the other business partner.
Did you come to dance?
No. I'm here because I heard
they're negotiating Teto Fresco's sale.
-Is that right?
-Wait a minute.
I know who you are.
I can't believe it!
You're the son of Antônio and…
What's her name?
-Rose.
-Rose!
-The housekeepers on the Trancoso farm.
-Right.
-And now you're business partners.
-Yes.
I've always been treated as a brother.
We built this company together.
and I can't believe
you're giving it up like this.
Igor. you gotta think
about yourself a little
because I'll always have my father
to help me while you…
Don't worry.
I know how to save Teto Fresco.
-Oh God.
-I mean it.
I want to make a Teto Fresco co-op
in a partnership
with the Hipanaa Indigenous community.
a sustainable agroforestry.
They'll have the autonomy
to grow whatever they want on their land.
-That's not a bad idea.
-Hey. young man.
Do you have their authorization?
-Not yet.
-I don't want to discourage you.
but I doubt you'll get it.
This is our chance to keep Teto Fresco.
No other offer he makes
will be as good as this.
My offer is nine million.
Three million for each partner.
Are you okay?
-He's choking.
-He choked on the tomato.
Look at his face!
He's purple! Is there a doctor here?
There's you. right. doctor?
To perforate his throat.
Take the knife to stick into his throat.
-Here.
-Knife?
To perforate the trachea
and breathe through the pen tube.
-Yes. that's it.
-Right?
-You want me to do it?
-It's either that or he'll die.
-A knife?
-One. two…
Excuse me.
There's Dr. Tawan.
You gotta puncture him.
He's not breathing.
That's not gonna work.
-Oh my God!
-Are you okay?
-You okay?
-No need for that. Thanks.
You're welcome.
Tawan.
What about Paula?
-Do you know where she is?
-She left.
She wasn't feeling well.
I don't want to interfere.
but leave her alone.
Leave her on her own.
Well. I've got to go.
There he is.
Teto.
Hey.
-Are you okay?
-Who cares if I'm okay?
-I'm spoiled and selfish. right?
-Do you want me to tell you?
You don't need to.
The only thing I want
is an agreement. a deal.
-We can't take chances like kids anymore.
-Calm down!
Let me make a partnership
with the Hipanaa community.
I just need a week.
This company is worth much more
than what he's offering.
I know I have a thousand flaws.
I know you have a million reasons
to be suspicious of me.
but all I need is a week. That's all.
If you want to sell the company.
we'll sell it.
-I'm not so sure.
-Please. Just one week.
I just need one week. Please.
-That's enough to draw up the contracts.
-Yes!
-One week.
Trust me. It'll work out.
I think it's over there.
Thank you.
Wunin?
I need to talk to you. I need your help.
-Good morning.
-Solange!
-I've brought some swimsuits for you.
-Thanks!
Thank you.
One more thing!
My dad asked if I could go to Rio with you
and see Teto Fresco.
Of course.
Please come. It'll be our pleasure.
-Okay then. See you later.
-See you.
I'm sorry. but I can't help you.
I told you.
I've got so much to deal with here.
I know but just think about it.
If this works out.
no one will need to work in the mines.
-What do you mean?
-I mean the money
that you'll make from growing tomatoes.
With the tomato money. people won't need
to risk themselves in illegal mining.
That would be a great way
to make the community stronger.
-Yes.
-Then we could stay here.
Deal?
Hold up. young man.
Do you think it's that simple?
Although I want to help you.
we have several leaders.
Everything here is decided collectively.
It won't be easy for people to trust you
because of you're--
Spoiled and selfish? I know.
I was going to say "white".
but that works too.
That doctor you were looking for.
I've heard that
she's in a neighbor community.
Thanks. but I'm focused on my work now.
I'll be right back. okay?
Did you notice that their symptoms
are the same as in Porto Remanso?
Come here!
Paula.
Tapuya's mother gave me this fish.
-It was the last thing the girl ate.
-Only moms would think of that.
We could take them to examine
along with the girl in Porto Remanso.
We could take blood samples. but…
-her mother doesn't want us to bring her.
-So we leave her here?
-No way!
-Pajé Mandu will take care of her.
Tawan. she's not okay.
She needs a hospital.
Come here.
-Do you know what this is?
-No.
It's a chinchona peel.
It's used to treat malaria.
It was the Native people
who discovered it.
This is a willow peel. which is aspirin.
Jaborandi is an eye drop.
Breu Branco is an anti-inflammatory. so…
Trust the medicine of the forest.
There are people looking
for a cure for cancer here.
But I'm worried about Tapuya.
Pajé Mandu has been taking care of them
since before we were born.
I'll help in any way I can.
Everything will be okay.
You know what. Teto?
I'm glad Solange's going
to Rio de Janeiro with you.
One of the reasons I want her
to take over Teto Fresco
is to bring our families close once again.
That will also do good for her.
so she makes new friends.
-Right. sweetheart?
-What's wrong with my friends?
I have nothing against them.
But you can't compare them
to affluent people like Teto and Paula.
What's this affluent talk all about. Dad?
-Look who's talking.
-I always aim high.
That's why we're here.
Teto. if you would follow me.
We need to have a serious chat.
Sure.
My dad hates my friends.
Imagine if he knew
I'm in a popular dance group.
I see it coming.
Thank you for not saying anything.
Don't sweat it.
I think it's a shame
you hide something so beautiful.
You should be proud of that.
-We both have our secrets.
-What secrets?
I just want you to know you can trust me.
What if I tell you I'm not Dr. Paula?
I know. You're Monique.
I looked you up last night.
You're one of the Teto Fresco founders.
I'm just sorry that you're hiding
something that makes you so proud.
I think I'll come clean with him.
No! Are you crazy?
You don't know my dad.
If you really want to close the deal.
you'd better go all the way.
I'll tell you something
you need to know about your partner.
He's not who you think he is.
Me? Who?
I'm telling you a secret
from your grandfather.
Your dad's dad.
He had a son out of wedlock.
I don't know how no one suspected it.
Of course that kid is a Trancoso.
I don't understand.
This guy. Igor. who you keep saying
is your partner.
He's your grandfather's son.
I handed him to the farm housekeepers
to raise him.
-But…
-You'd better watch out. Teto.
I know these people.
He will want
at least half the Trancoso fortune.
I don't know what to say.
Just thank me.
To deserve our folks' trust.
you must contribute like everybody else.
-Got it?
-Got it.
Maria da Terra is one of the leaders
who decides who can or cannot
be accepted in the community.
She's the one who teaches us
the basic tasks here.
-Farming. fishing. handcrafting.
-I was born and raised on a farm.
I'll kill it.
I'll nail it.
Go ahead.
Wow.
You'd better go to sleep
because we'll be up at 4 a.m. tomorrow.
Why 4 a.m.?
We stop working at 10 a.m.
because it gets too hot.
Four a.m.? No way.
I'd rather sleep some more.
I have no problem with the sun.
I actually like it. Okay?
I can't believe this.
Teto Fresco started with you
selling a car.
and now it is worth nine million.
Of course they could've rounded it up.
Hey.
-Are you okay?
-Headache.
You can't fool me. Spill it.
-I don't want to stress you out.
-But you did! Okay?
Do you want me to go into labor?
-Say it.
-Calm down.
I was raised in a community like this.
and I'm so proud
of having changed their reality.
At least a little bit.
This is amazing. I wish I knew
what your achievement feels like.
I didn't want to quit Manaus
or my dance group.
But now I can visualize
something great about coming to Rio.
Are you excited about the project?
I'm not just talking about the project.
It slipped.
It slipped. right?
Igor. this is really serious.
How can we find out if this is true?
The story was always that I was left
at the Trancoso farm gate.
That's what Everaldo told my parents.
Now we're really going to need
the Teto Fresco money
because that'll be one hell of a fight.
Fight? What do you mean?
To prove you're the heir.
We'll have to hire a good lawyer.
There will be no fight.
I want no money. I'm not like that.
Have you lost your mind? Like that how?
The kind who gives up their own rights?
Your son's rights?
Listen. Igor. I accepted loving you
and respecting you in poverty.
Not in stupidity.
Good evening.
It's working. So much charisma here.
The harvest you didn't reap today
would be the folks' meal tomorrow.
Can I make it up with tomatoes?
I'm serious. You haven't tried it yet.
Try it.
So?
It's good. Very good.
-Better than Macunaíma's?
-Macunaima.
Yours is not even close.
-I'd love to try this golden tomato. too.
-You missed the chance.
I ate golden tomatoes when I was young.
when we lived at the country's border.
I thought you were from here.
It was nice where we used to live.
But they took away our land.
and they want to do the same here.
See?
That's why we need to help each other.
You won't be able to help anyone
until you know…
-What does that mean?
-To live collectively.
I'm trying.
I only see you trying
to do things your way.
You need to learn to see
and listen to others
in the same way you want others
to see and listen to you.
Come on. Teto. It's four a.m.
Here.
Hey.
Excuse me. Tuyuka. isn't it?
No. I'm Pawi. He's Tuyuka.
-Hi.
You saved my life. and I didn't thank you.
-Don't mention it.
-Thanks.
Yay!
Did you see that?
Cacuri is a type of trap. Check it out.
The fish will smell the cassava peel.
enter this hole.
and then it can't leave the cacuri.
Cacuri. isn't it? Cool.
We'll place cacuris from here to Aanu.
Wow.
Let's go.
Her temperature dropped.
Yes. it has.
Congratulations. little girl.
-Hi.
-I'm glad you came.
I must apologize to you. Tawan.
-No. you don't.
-Yes. I do.
I was stubborn.
If we'd taken this girl away.
and something had happened to her.
I wouldn't forgive myself.
-Come on. Paula.
-Seriously.
Sometimes I act as if I own the truth.
I don't want to be a spoiled.
selfish person.
-What? What do you mean?
-I really don't.
Look at what you're doing.
You're allowing yourself
to question your beliefs.
That takes courage. doesn't it?
You're saying that so I won't feel bad.
Sorry. I shouldn't have said anything.
I can't believe this.
Is Dr. Paula apologizing
because she apologized?
-Is that right?
-I'm just so bad.
Seriously. dude.
You know what?
What's wrong with being a little stubborn?
I call that willpower. determination.
That's not a bad thing.
I think that's beautiful. Strong.
Fascinating.
Come on. Teto.
Let's go.
What about the tests you took?
It seems it's an intoxication
caused by mercury.
-High doses.
-You know what this means.
-Mercury? Illegal mining.
-Mining.
That's why people won't say a word.
We must do something about it.
Take the tests to the health department.
File a complaint.
That's it.
I don't know if that will help. though.
These complaints mean nothing around here.
We ran these tests at the Aanu community.
We thought it'd be important
to run these tests here at Hipanaa. too.
Okay. There'll be a party.
and you're invited.
Today? We got here at the right time.
Yes.
What's up. Teto?
I'll be right there.
In a minute.
You okay?
What did we talk about?
I'm not here because of you.
-I'm trying a partnership.
-Really?
Yeah. If what I'm doing here
wasn't so important.
I'd go and leave you both alone.
By the way. keep cool.
I won't bother you or Dr. Tawan.
-Shall we?
-Yes.
She says they're accepting
a new member in the community.
A Perkassan who proved to be valuable
for the collective.
Wunin.
Is this Tekassan Teto?
-Are you translating this correctly?
-Do you doubt it?
It's Teto.
-What's this?
-A sign of trust.
The eyes are the only parts
of the body that don't lie.
Welcome to the community.
Thank you. friends!
-Thank you.
Hi there. Is everything okay?
Pretty good.
You're missing the steps.
That's not sertanejo.
Now it's forró. I can dance forró.
We work so hard.
and you're the one getting a party.
-What can I do?
-You'll never change.
I do change.
I'm trying to change for the better.
-I'll be back to make the bandage.
-Bye.
-Is it over?
-Okay?
-Okay.
Tawan. are you leaving?
I'm going to take these tests
to Porto Remanso.
I have a Kakydan project meeting.
Nice.
We ended up not talking afterward.
Anyway.
Our kiss.
And I wanted…
-To talk--
-Paula.
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry. I think…
I got too excited
due to Tapuya's recovery. I don't know.
-I ended up mixing things up.
-Me too.
I kissed you. too.
Oh. Tawan.
You and I would be perfect.
-Yeah.
-Really.
But we don't choose. do we?
These things.
I just don't want to lose our friendship.
our partnership.
That's what matters most to me.
Okay.
-Bye.
-Good luck. Take care!
Bye!
I wasn't after you.
-I was getting some cassava.
-Hi. Teto.
I'm just passing by.
I want you to know that I respect you.
I respect what you have with Tawan.
It's all good.
I won't tell you I like it.
but I don't have to like anything.
I've got to respect it
and hope you'll be happy.
-Because if you like him…
-I like you.
I love you.
But is it worth it?
To insist on a relationship
that isn't working?
Do you think it's not worth it?
Teto. I love seeing you grow up.
Really. It's one of the things that
I admire in you the most.
Your willingness to change and evolve.
But I can't feel that's just
because of me. you know?
-I don't want to carry this weight.
-It's not just because of you.
What's important is
to know who I want to be.
Actually. who I can be.
There's no weight.
Thank you for helping me with this.
Thank you.
That's great.
Come to this place with me?
It's special.
Look.
Isn't this special?
Very special.
Come.
I want to believe you so badly.
So badly.
How do I know this isn't
another character you're creating
to deceive me?
I learned this.
The eye is the only part of the body
that doesn't lie.
Paula. I promise you.
I promise I'll never try to control you.
I promise.
It's slippery.
-Be careful.
-Go!
-Wait. Did you hear that?
-Yes.
Push it!
-That's weird.
-Come.
Go!
-Come on!
-Let's go!
-Push it!
Sorry!
-Come on!
-Let's go. Push it!
Slow down!
I know those two.
They were sick some time ago.
Push! Come on!
Come on.
Come on. man. Get to work.
Get down. you guys.
Careful with the sieve.
-That's what's making people sick.
-What?
This mercury. It's too toxic.
It contaminates our water. our food.
Do they know what they're doing?
That ring you bought
probably came from a mine like this.
-I didn't even think of that.
-If you don't think.
let alone the people
who need this to live.
My God. Everaldo.
Everaldo from EverNorte?
Didn't your dad say he got rich
from selling expensive tomatoes?
I think he makes money from actual gold.
I'll be right back.
Teto!
-Welcome. my friend.
-Thank you. buddy.
Let's go after him.
We'll buy the machine with your investment
to expand the excavation area.
And to pay bribes. right?
Regulate our scheme.
What about the tomato co-op
that they want to install in the region?
-Is that an issue?
-Teto!
-You scared me!
-Let's go now!
-This is dangerous.
-He's talking about Teto Fresco.
Now I see why he wanted
to buy our company.
And sign the Teto Fresco buyout tonight.
The Trancoso owner is someone I trust.
Just relax.
Okay.
Let him in.
-See you.
-I can explain.
Relax.
-Afternoon.
I'm sorry I asked you to come here
to get the sponsorship money.
But we need to have a serious talk.
You sent some blood tests
to the health department.
Why?
It's my job to do that.
There have been many people
with serious symptoms at the clinic.
I believe this is because of the mercury
you have been using here.
Tawan. as you can see.
mercury manipulation pays your salary.
So. do me a favor.
Until our mining is regulated.
according to the law.
I don't want you
to attract unnecessary attention.
Next year. I promise you.
you'll be the one receiving
the Friend of The Forest award.
We'll dedicate a hospital
with the name of your project.
sponsored by EverNorte.
But until then. you'll keep quiet.
And ask your doctors to keep quiet. too.
Agreed.
I have another simple request
regarding Dr. Paula.
Send her back to Rio.
Actually. Teto. her boyfriend.
is the one who asked me this.
Because she was supposed
to be getting married. you know?
Taking care of her family.
Calm down. I can explain that. too.
I thought you wanted to stay.
I did it to help you.
Help me? You didn't want to help me.
I don't want to hear it
because that's my mistake.
I should have realized it
the first time you lied to me.
Forgive me.
I've already forgiven you.
I've forgiven you. but then you go
and do something even worse.
Then you come all sweet
and say you've changed.
To deceive me again. right?
Wunin!
Wunin. please listen to me.
I have no time to listen to your lies.
You're sided with those Perkassan
who brought the mining here.
Now we only have two options.
Leave our sacred land
or stay here and die.
-I can explain.
-Leave! It's your fault.
My folks told me not to trust you.
Wunin. Why will you have to leave?
Pawi was kidnapped.
They always wanted to start a mine here.
They'll only release him if we leave.
Calm down. Let's go up there. Come on.
-Hi. Igor.
-Hi. Teto.
I just want to let you know
we're arriving in Manaus
to close the sale of Teto Fresco.
Don't do it.
You don't know who Everaldo is.
-He's a dangerous guy.
-Okay.
I know nothing and you know it all.
You gotta meet Monique and me.
We gotta sign the contract
before the meeting.
A meeting with Everaldo?
I'll go to the meeting.
but can I pick the place?
Wunin. Paula. I know I disappointed you.
But I meant to help!
No! I don't trust you anymore.
I know how to fix this.
but it must be now.
If you don't want
to see me ever again. fine.
You don't. That's it.
Tell us. What are you thinking?
Do you know what a cacuri is?
Where are you. Teto?
Everaldo is coming over.
-I'll kill him.
-What do we do now?
Teto Trancoso.
You seem nervous. What's up?
The security guards make us nervous.
Your money is here. We must be careful.
They'll be on standby at the pier.
-Shall we go?
-Let's go.
-Come. baby.
Where are your partners?
Monique has already signed.
and Igor is coming.
Done.
Let's wait for Igor.
Two partners are enough.
You're the majority. Please sign.
Turn that down!
Stop right there. Everaldo!
-Igor?
-Tell your guys to stay away.
Take us to Hipanaa.
-What's all this?
-Take it easy.
-What's going on?
-Everaldo's a criminal.
He uses the tomato thing as a front
for his illegal mining.
-Dad?
-That's bullshit.
They want to cause trouble.
No one wants that. We want to make a deal.
What deal? I don't get it.
Your illegal mining guys
invaded the Hipanaa community.
They took one of us.
Just release him safe and sound.
and we'll let you go.
I have no business with that.
You either do that.
or we take you to the police.
Teto. do something about this.
Send this asshole away now.
You'll lose half of your inheritance.
What's he talking about?
Hey. Teto.
Do you want me to tell Igor our secret?
I'm Teto. stupid.
I have no secrets with Igor.
We're brothers.
Actually. I'm your uncle.
He told me that. thinking I was you.
He wants us to fight.
Half of my inheritance?
If you're my uncle.
you have half of my dad's fortune.
You're richer than me. It's all good.
I don't even know if that's true.
It doesn't matter if it isn't true.
I'll support you anyway.
Uncle.
What's happening?
Why didn't you say anything?
He tried to.
But all we thought of
was Everaldo's money.
Okay. so come on now. Hurry!
What's up?
It's done. They're on their way.
But look.
You had no right to involve me in this.
you know?
Whatever they do there is not my problem.
I'm just an investor.
-I thought tomatoes were your business.
-You can grow any tomatoes you want. kid.
Gold is worth much more.
More than people's lives?
More than a clear conscience. Dad?
Don't be naive. Solange.
If I don't start a mine.
someone else will.
What do you want? To help the population?
Wait.
I had no idea.
Take it. It's yours.
I bet you'll solve lots of problems
in your village.
This won't solve a thing.
My community is not the only one here.
There are hundreds of peoples
living collectively.
Look. Pay attention.
If I expose all of Trancoso's stuff.
you'll lose everything.
Do it.
That's Pawi.
I'll go get him.
Take everyone to Hipanaa.
I'll be there soon.
Are you coming?
Solange. what are you doing?
Didn't you tell me to make new friends?
I did.
Go.
Come on. Teto. They've got Pawi.
-Hey!
-You stay!
What's that about?
You've kidnapped me.
If I shoot. no one can complain.
You treat me as if you were better
than me. But you owe me everything.
-I'm not my grandfather.
-Teto!
-Lay down.
-Be careful.
-Calm down.
-Careful
I'll make a bandage to stop the bleeding.
-Be careful. it hurts.
-I know.
This will help with the pain.
-I love you.
-Me too.
I love you. too.
He'll be okay. He has protection paint on.
What's up?
Now we have to wait. He's sleeping.
We've done all we could.
Paula?
What happened?
Your partner shot Teto.
-Teto was shot? What partner?
-Everaldo.
-He isn't my partner.
-What do you mean?
Here.
Mercury manipulation pays your salary.
So. do me a favor.
-Well done!
-to attract unnecessary…
It's trending.
We must thank the folks.
Until our mining is regulated.
according to the law.
what pays your salary is mercury…
I don't want you
to attract unnecessary attention.
After the release of
the bribery attempt video.
the Court sent an arrest warrant
to Everaldo Coimbra.
He's been accused
of sponsoring illegal mining.
The police had a search warrant
for Everaldo's mansion.
-Ouch!
-What is it. Alana? Is it the baby?
No. the baby's fine.
I just can't watch this scene.
-Pregnant women can't watch violence.
-It's not that.
I hate seeing all that money
go down the drain.
-Son!
-Hi. Mom.
Guys. let's go.
-The baby shower guests are here.
-Don't help me.
I'll get up on my own. Let's go!
I'm pregnant. not dead.
Igor!
-Mr. Teodoro.
-Don't call me mister.
Call me Teodoro.
Or call me Teo. brother. little bro.
Dad. don't push it.
I picked something
thinking that you'll need
to transport my nephew comfortably.
Teto. go get the surprise.
He's giving you a car!
-You didn't need to.
-Nonsense.
People give
what their hearts tell them to.
Surprise!
-I love it!
-I know you'll need a big car.
But Igor is a Trancoso. now.
When you take over the vice presidency.
you can pick any car you wish.
Teo.
I'm honored. but I can't accept.
Alana and I agreed that
she'll work. and I'll take care of the kid
while finishing my college thesis.
-What do we do now?
-Don't look at me.
We have a great executive
right in front of you.
-Me?
-Yes.
Now I'm the CEO of Teto Fresco.
and I have lots of work.
The stakeholders want a new face
for the company.
Well. if we have neither Monique
nor Igor. there's still…
Who's still there?
Didn't you want this position
to be within the family?
-Choose the auntie here.
-Auntie?
Don't even think about it!
ONE YEAR LATER
I can't. Sorry.
Come on. Monique. You've got to help me.
I thought you'd be happy
that Trancoso is buying tomatoes
from Teto Fresco again.
Calm down. Alana.
The Rio de Janeiro production is sold out.
Things are great here in Amazonas.
I'm really happy.
but there's a lot on my plate.
Still no news from Teto?
We haven't heard from him in a long time.
Igor is on paternity leave.
and you're at Trancoso.
so I'm in charge.
You're my son's godmother.
you've got to help me.
Can you sell us
at least 4.000 tons of tomatoes?
Sister-in-law. I don't even know
what to tell you. Bye!
My love.
Hi. babe!
2.000 tons and it's a done deal.
Half of it. come on.
Monique?
-How was the show?
-It was beautiful.
Everything okay here?
Alana. the tomato queen.
won't leave me alone.
-Will you pick up?
-Not now.
By the way. have you seen the sun?
It's 10:30 a.m.
It's hammock time.
-How's the nausea?
-Much better.
Great. Thanks to Wunin.
Her medicine and care made a difference.
-How's the baby?
-It'll be born healthy.
Another valuable member
is joining our community.
Good afternoon. folks.
-What's up?
-Hey!
Test results have improved a lot
around here.
Really?
Mercury contamination
has dropped considerably.
-Great!
-Right? Mission accomplished.
How about you?
Do you know what you'll do now?
Hello there!
Hello.
-Are you Tuiré?
-Yes. Dr. Paula?
Welcome to our community. Come in.
I'm not here after you.
Seriously. Believe me.
I think the forest spirits
brought you here.
Actually. it was Wunin.
She said you'd be around.
But didn't say why.
I'll show you.
I've been trying to find this
for quite some time.
Have you found it?
Look at this.
Really. Teto?
You came all the way here for a tomato!
No. I came here because I needed
a new purpose in my life.
I keep trying to evolve.
-To see if I deserve you.
-Don't say that.
I know I'm too harsh.
I'm too hard on myself.
and not even I can handle it.
But you've shown me that
we're here to learn.
To improve.
You brought tenderness into my life.
Happiness.
Even in the smallest details.
How can someone be so excited
over a tomato?
But you haven't tried it. Try it.
-Please.
-Hold up.
-What do you think?
-Incredible!
The true wealth of this forest
is like this.
Living in harmony with what's around.
Nature. people. and cultures.
True.
This tomato may be a chance
for us to show this to the whole world.
You're so stuck up.
You want to make this tomato global.
No. First I'll take it to Wunin.
back to her community.
Then. if they let me.
I'll take it wherever you are.
Of course. if you want to.
Do you know what I want?
THIS IS A WORK OF FICTION.
ANY SIMILARITY TO NAMES.
PEOPLE. FACTS. OR REAL LIFE SITUATIONS
IS MERE COINCIDENCE.